---
layout: poem
title: "Cheater"
written_year: 2025
author_note: "This story is thematically related to my novel, Sins of The Skies"
permalink: /stories/poem/cheater
---

You don’t like the guy

Who cheats at a game

Of Magic.

Nothing is worse than planning to pay your life

Debts in a game of Texas Hold’em, 

Only for the dealer 

To hand you a two of hearts and a seven of clubs.

And even when you win

The Chameleon,

Everyone else accuses you 

For their bad hints.

&nbsp;

And yet,

You win.

Because all they know

Is how to cheat,

And all you know 

Is how to win.

Cheaters lose,

Always.

&nbsp;

Before he could play

His cards, you force him

To wipe all his lands

Except one.

The dealer drenched

In air conditioned sweat when

He realized you got a straight-pair

On the showdown.

And no matter what 

They say, they will never

Find a reason

To overthrow your victory.

&nbsp;

You say,

Checkmate, fellas.

They say,

See this is why I cheat.

Can you believe it? What a pathetic sight,

The heavens are watching over

These kinds of people,

People who go to a party and take

An extra brownie when there’s barely enough

To feed a dozen.

And yet, cheaters lose,

Always.

&nbsp;

The following Friday

Night, staying up till midnight

And betting on the hand

You’re dealt, On the dining table where you are all standing,

Those playing includes you,

Your mother, your neighbor, your boss,

A stranger,

And the girl who you had

A crush on for a three months now.

&nbsp;

Bluffs, Checks, Folds,

All like it’s meant

To be, the same game.

The joker enters

The playfield; no score.

You say,

That isn’t allowed!

They say,

Why not? It’s just a game, Isaac.

&nbsp;

So even when the odds are

Against all,

It favors you less than them.

One man cannot beat all,

And all you can do

Is laugh.

&nbsp;

Laugh,

Because you can feel

Your heat about to burst,

As you place

Down the royal flush.